Apple versus onion they say an apple a
day keeps the doctor away I say an onion
a day keeps everyone away an introverts
dream eating an apple doesn't take any
effort because it's tasty eating an
onion is not only healthy but also put
your willpower to the test bite into an
apple in public and no one will even
notice bite into an onion and people
will start giving you a wide berth
because you're awesome of course don't
hide those tears they're noble dog
versus pet rock a dog needs food a pet
rock doesn't a dog needs water
a pet rock doesn't a dog needs walking
at least three times a day a pet rock
doesn't basically you can just set a pet
rock onto a shelf and forget about it a
dog won't let you forget about it one
look into a pooches eyes and your heart
melts on the other hand you can stick
googly eyes onto your pet rock and have
fun every time you look at it money
versus seashells seashells are as good a
currency as any the more you gather the
harder they are to find inflation money
is all the same paper and coins try
finding two identical seashells and
you're lost forever
Nicholas's and bracelets made of money
look stupid made of seashells they
become a pretty and elegant backup stash
money doesn't grow on trees neither do
seashells but you can easily find those
on the shore elite car versus a 70s
truck when something gets broken in an
elite car repairs cost you a hefty sum
in an old truck replace it with
something found in a shed and you're
good to go for a few more days you don't
need to worry about recycling your old
truck just leave it in the back yard and
it'll disintegrate all by itself you
can't put your whole extended family and
throw in a bag of potatoes or two into
an elite car
it doesn't have the room if your kids
have long been asking you for a
treehouse you can dismantle your truck
and build it already so versus sand soap
can dry your skin and cause allergies
never heard about skin problems after
using sand
hmm thought so after washing your dishes
and hands you can have some fun and bury
yourself or your friends in sand if
there's a wild animal approaching you
while you're washing you can blind it by
throwing sand at its eyes and safely get
away floor mop versus cat first of all
if you'll have a really lazy cat you
don't need a floor mop at all just push
it around your house it'll clean itself
later if your cat is active though it'll
do all the work for you just make sure
to keep it interested with a laser
pointer or something
if you can't loves bathing it can also
help you do wet cleaning remember the
longer the fur the easier it gathers
dust and dirt use it to your advantage
trashcan versus flamethrower with a
flamethrower you don't need to leave
your home to dispose of trash just
incinerate it no one will ever talk back
to you in your home after seeing a
flamethrower trashcan mmm yeah if your
neighbors are throwing a barbecue party
a trash can won't get you an invitation
with a flamethrower you're going to be
the heart of it if someone decides to
break into your house
choosing a trash can to defend yourself
isn't the best idea one glance at a
flamethrower in your hands though and
you'll get a reputation or is it
notoriety email versus homing pigeon
emails are quick as a flash but they
lacks soul receiving a letter attached
to a bird's leg is so much closer to the
heart with emails you know you can
always follow up on your previous letter
so you become inattentive when sending a
homing pigeon you take great care to
write everything you want to say with a
homing pigeon you don't need to depend
on the internet connection the only
reasons why your letter might get lost
our birds of prey weather and the pigeon
losing its way what are the odds you
don't need to worry about your letter
being intercepted by someone who uses
homing pigeons nowadays anyway elevator
versus catapult elevators are slow to
get to the 20th floor you spend about
half a minute a catapult can get you
there in five seconds maybe a little
crumpled but hey so much time saved a
catapult isn't precise so where you'll
end up next time is always a fun
guessing game if you work in a tall
office building a catapult trip to your
floor will energize you better than any
coffee and if you live in an apartment
building having a catapult in your yard
is like having your own
muse Minh Park alarm system versus a
guard snake alarms are noisy and useless
if all they do is wake you up a guard
Viper won't make us out so you'll always
have a good night's sleep if you use a
snake instead of a car alarm
make sure to coil it around the steering
wheel hey I'd pay a fortune to see the
look on a car thief's face alarms may
trigger from cats birds or innocent
passers-by none of them would even get
close to a guard snake
so no false alarms here criminals
usually get spooked and went away at the
sound of alarm a guard snake will make
sure they won't get too far gym
membership versus a Hungry Bear
attending a good gym costs a fortune
while encountering a bear in the woods
is absolutely free if you shot at the
bear and make yourself look menacing
enough there's a good chance it'll go
away your personal trainer at the gym
will not skipping the gym might become a
bad habit meeting a Hungry Bear you have
no choice but to try and outrun it you
will never feel so good after a gym work
as after successfully escaping a Hungry
Bear
electric guitar vs ukulele anyone can
sound heavy-metal with an electric
guitar try doing that with a ukulele
if there's a power surge your electric
guitar will become a useless piece of
wood and wire ukulele will always be
ukelele if you're big and muscular but
want to feel cute for once
ukulele will instantly give you this
chance in between songs you can take to
other ukuleles and juggle them TV versus
tapestry on TV there are lots of news
most of which is not too good a tapestry
won't ever make you sad there are so
many channels to choose from that you
may become lost a tapestry will free you
from the agony of choice with a TV you
have to wait for new episodes of your
favorite show
sometimes for a whole week you can look
at a tapestry for however long you want
even for weeks on end and at last the
biggest and most important question in
the history of humankind what is the
difference between pancakes and crepes
baking soda guys peace be with you